docs: explain DNS cache in checklist.md (#5078)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/deploy/checklist.md

{{< /note >}}

> ## DNS caching

Reviewer: Sounds like this applies only to YCQL because it mentions TTL. If only applicable to YCQL, then maybe the title should be "DNS caching [YCQL only]".

Author: Yes TTL of DNS cache. Marking as resolved.

> If you are using name servers instead of static ips you may end up doing aggressive DNS lookups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using name servers instead of static IP addresses, you may end up with aggressive DNS lookups.
```

Reviewer: Proving that I'm not as young as you, Paul Mockatpetris, a friend of mine and former coworker at Software.com, invented DNS (https://internethalloffame.org/inductees/paul-mockapetris). Of course, that's no reason to believe that I know what I'm talking about — I know enough to be dangerous. ;-)

> If you are using name servers instead of static ips you may end up doing aggressive DNS lookups.

Reviewer 2: "name servers" or "hostnames"

Reviewer: @kmuthukk  Because @ddorian is referring to DNS caching, it is "name servers" and not hostnames. For DNS, "name servers" have a specific meaning (for example, see https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/linux-network-administrators/1565924002/ch06.html) Like you, I was thinking that hostname might be appropriate, but then did some research.

Author: Agree for "hostnames". The configuration points to a "hostname".

> If the DNS query load is large enough to be a problem or the RTT to the external DNS server is long enough to be a problem, you 
> can set high enough TTL on your DNS records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the DNS query load is large enough to be a problem, or the RTT to the external DNS server is long enough to be a problem, you can use higher TTL valuea on your DNS records.
```

Reviewer: The comments "large enough to be a problem" and "long enough to be a problem" seem too vague to me. Can you provide a better explanation for users?

> On Linux , there is no OS-level DNS caching unless `nscd` is installed and running which has DNS caching features disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux , there is no operating system DNS caching unless [Name Service Cache Daemon (`nscd`)](https://ldapwiki.com/wiki/NSCD) is installed and running.
```

> On Linux , there is no OS-level DNS caching unless `nscd` is installed and running which has DNS caching features disabled
> by default because it's broken. 
> You can install a caching DNS server such as [Unbound](https://nlnetlabs.nl/projects/unbound/about/) on each server 
> configured to cache responses and forward misses to the regular DNS resolvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Linux operating system does not provide DNS caching unless [Name Service Cache Daemon (`nscd`)](https://ldapwiki.com/wiki/NSCD) is installed and running.
You can install a caching DNS server,  such as [Unbound](https://nlnetlabs.nl/projects/unbound/about/), on each server that is configured to cache responses and forward misses to the regular DNS resolvers.
```

> 

Reviewer: Missing content below?

> ## Running on public clouds

Reviewer: For each of these sections, provide a sentence or two explaining what the bullets are about.
